Eventhistory Service (#5600)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/event-history.md

Enhancement: Eventhistory service

> Introduces the `eventhistory` service. It is a service that is storing events and providing a grpc API to retrieve them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduces the `eventhistory` service. It is a service that stores events and provides a grpc API to retrieve them.
```
